Edit the README for first-time contributors (#246)
pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to pyOpenSci

## Organization

If you are interested in contributing to pyOpenSci, please read about
how we work in [**pyOpenSci's organization-wide contributing guide**](https://www.pyopensci.org/governance/CONTRIBUTING.html).

## Repositories

If you are interested in contributing to a specific repository, please review
the `README.md` and `CONTRIBUTING.md` files in the repository. If you have any
questions, please open an issue in the repository or contact us via Slack.

### pyOpenSci Website

This repository, `pyopensci/pyopensci.github.io` contains the source code
for the pyOpenSci website. The website is built using Jekyll, a static site
generator. If you are interested in contributing HTML, CSS, or JavaScript, this
is a good place to start.

### Python Package Guide

> The Python Package Guide is a guide for scientific authors who are interested in creating
> a Python package. The guide is built using Jupyter Book, a static site generator
> for Jupyter Notebooks. If you are interested in contributing to the Python
> Package Guide, please see the
> [`README.md`](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/python-package-guide/blob/main/README.md)
> in the `pyOpenSci/python-package-guide`repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python Package Guide listed on our website, is a guide for scientific authors who are interested in creating
a Python package. The guide is built using the pyDataSphinx theme for sphinx, which is a a static site generator. If you are interested in contributing to the Python
Package Guide, please see the
[`README.md`](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/python-package-guide/blob/main/README.md)
in the `pyOpenSci/python-package-guide`repo.
```

### Peer Review Guide

> The Peer Review Guide is a guide for authors who are interested in submitting a
> package to pyOpenSci for peer review. The guide is built using Jupyter Book,
> a static site generator for Jupyter Notebooks. If you are interested in
> contributing to the Peer Review Guide, please see the
> [`README.md`](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/software-peer-review/blob/main/README.md)
> in the `pyOpenSci/software-peer-review` repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Peer Review Guide is a guide for authors who are interested in submitting a
package to pyOpenSci for peer review. The guide is built using the pyDataSphinx theme for sphinx, which is a a static site generator. If you are interested in
contributing to the Peer Review Guide, please see the
[`README.md`](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/software-peer-review/blob/main/README.md)
in the `pyOpenSci/software-peer-review` repo.
```
